Change city
Did something happen last night?
Oh, don't worry about it.
I just want to ask you
It's really 500 million.
Really? We saw it with our own eyes.
Oh, but this is the Wendelong Hotel.
The beauty is hard
If we just grab it here
Still not good
Husband, what are your ink marks?
This is 500 million
500 million.
Oh, what do you know?
Even if you grab it, you have to use your brain
Do you know what this place is?
This is the only seven-star hotel in Yunzhou
You want to grab it here
Don't kill you
Hey, sister-in-law, don't be impulsive.
Big brother is also out of caution
You really have to find a good reason for this.
Is the reason still hard to find?
That bitch just hit me and scolded you
Let's see if we can color him
Where is Zhu Xuehui's face?
Big brother is famous
OK
He bullied my daughter
Take those gifts as an apology for my daughter
Hey, is that reasonable?
So reasonable bro
Humph
Good to go
Let's go see who dares to bully my daughter
Brothers, it's time to work
Both male and left girlfriends stand up for me
Please hand it over to me
Sir, I will let him live
If you are sensible, hand over everything here
I could consider sparing your life
Four cripples, my dad is here
You are dead.
Hong Daying
Are you going to rob us?